Update for eforms (#2)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_beneficialOwners_extension: README.md

On the other hand, if BO information is collected in a central register via other means, then it is recommended to publish that information as a separate dataset. The BO dataset and the OCDS dataset should [identify organizations](https://standard.open-contracting.org/latest/en/schema/identifiers/#organization-ids) in the same way, so that users can cross-reference the datasets. The BO dataset can follow the [Beneficial Ownership Data Standard](https://standard.openownership.org/en/latest/).

## Legal context

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-703 (Organisation) and BG-4 (Winner)](https://github.com/eForms/eForms). See [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/) for the correspondences to eForms fields.

Reviewer: The OCDS for eForms site doesn't actually mention the BG's at all so this instruction doesn't quite work. Suggest rather than linking to the eForms github instead link to https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/index.html where the user can look up which terms are in each group and then they can use the OCDS for eForms mapping.

"In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-703 (Organisation) and BG-4 (Winner)(https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/index.html). See [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/) for the correspondences to eForms fields."

Author: Good spot. Updated in https://github.com/open-contracting-extensions/ocds_beneficialOwners_extension/pull/2/commits/c7b33378e740b077356e9082ab7c07d487dff2c6. @jpmckinney should we update this link in all the extensions that refer to the eForms GitHub repo?

Reviewer 2: I've updated the links now.

Author: Thanks!

            "scheme": "PRY-IDCARD",
            "id": "12345"
          },
          "nationality": "PY",
          "address": {
            "streetAddress": "Avenida Eusebio Ayala 1347",
            "locality": "Asunción",
            "region": "Gran Asunción",
            "postalCode": "1001",
            "countryName": "Paraguay"
          },
          "email": "jperez@example.com",
          "faxNumber": "+595210000001",
          "telephone": "+595210000000"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Without nationality

> The beneficial owner's nationality is not disclosed because the organization is listed on a regulated market (e.g. a stock exchange) that ensures adequate transparency of the nationality of beneficial owners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The beneficial owner's nationality is not disclosed because the organization is listed on a regulated market (e.g. a stock exchange) that ensures adequate transparency in line with anti-money laundering legislation.
```
